docs/open_window/index.rst, before:

===========
Open Window
===========

Here we go, let's write a game. Starting with...opening a window on
the screen where our game will live.

.. raw:: html

  <iframe width="640" height="360"
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/j2-EEguhwfU"
    frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1">&nbsp;</iframe>

Steps
=====

#. Change the main block to have two lines that use Arcade:

   .. literalinclude:: game.py
        :language: python
        :linenos:

#. Click the green arrow on line 3 and choose ``Run``.

#. A new window appears. It's our game!

#. Close the window.

What's Going On
===============

When we ran our ``game.py`` this time, a new window appeared. What
made it appear? Arcade! This time, instead of just printing a variable
in Arcade, we asked it to run two functions:

- ``arcade.open_window`` gets Arcade ready to open a 600x600 window
  with the title we provided -- ``Drawing Example``.

- ``arcade.run`` is a function which tells Arcade to take the setup work
  (``open_window``) and spring into action.

``open_window`` and ``run`` are functions. We can tell they are functions
because they have parenthesis () where we "call" the function. A function
is just a bunch of lines of programming, organized with a name.

Some functions can just be called, e.g. run(). Other functions need some
variables handed to them. We call these variables "function *arguments*."

The 'open_window' function takes 3 "arguments".

How can we tell what arguments to provide when calling a function?
When you get in the parenthesis, PyCharm will tell you a little bit.
But even better, press F1 when the cursor is on 'open_window', and
PyCharm gives you information about these arguments, plus some
documentation.

Commit message:

Fill in the rest of the drawing functions sections.

docs/open_window/index.rst, after:

===========
Open Window
===========

Here we go, let's write a game. Starting with...opening a window on
the screen where our game will live.

.. raw:: html

  <iframe width="640" height="360"
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/j2-EEguhwfU"
    frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1">&nbsp;</iframe>

Code
====

.. literalinclude:: game.py

#. Click the green arrow on line 3 and choose ``Run``.

#. A new window appears. It's our game!

#. Close the window.

Analysis
========

- We used two functions *imported* from arcade

- ``open_window`` is a function which takes 3 arguments

- ``run`` is a function that tells Arcade "ready to go"

Exercises
=========

#. Change the arguments to ``open_window``, putting the string
   first. What goes wrong?

#. Use ``Ctrl-B`` to navigate to the implementation of
   ``open_Window`` and see why this fails.

#. Close that tab, put your cursor inside ``open_window``, and
   hit ``Ctrl-P``. This is a *less-disruptive* way to expore.

#. What happens if you open a window too big for the screen?

#. Instead of importing arcade then doing ``arcade.open_window``,
   change to the ``from blahblah import blahblah, blahblah``
   syntax.

Quiz
====

#. What is the name of the function which takes arguments?

#. What is the data type of that function's third argument?
